Overview
This program provides a simple command-line interface for performing basic encryption and decryption using two popular algorithms: Caesar Cipher and Vigenère Cipher. The tool allows users to encrypt and decrypt messages based on user-selected algorithms.

Features
Caesar Cipher

A substitution cipher where each letter in the plaintext is "shifted" a certain number of places down or up the alphabet.
Users can specify a shift value (1-25) for encryption and decryption.
Vigenère Cipher

A method of encrypting alphabetic text by using a simple form of polyalphabetic substitution.
Users provide a keyword that determines the shifting for each letter in the plaintext.
Usage Instructions
Running the Program

Compile the code using a C++ compiler.
Run the executable file from the command line.
Selecting an Algorithm

When prompted, choose an algorithm by entering:
1 for Caesar Cipher
2 for Vigenère Cipher
Inputting Data

For the Caesar Cipher:
Enter the message you wish to encrypt or decrypt.
Provide a shift value (between 1 and 25).
Select whether you want to encrypt or decrypt the message.
For the Vigenère Cipher:
Enter the message you wish to encrypt or decrypt.
Provide a keyword (alphabetic only).
Select whether you want to encrypt or decrypt the message.
Output

The program will display the resulting encrypted or decrypted message based on your input.

Example
1. Caesar Cipher

Choose an algorithm to use:
A. Caesar Cipher

Please enter the number corresponding to your choice: 1

--- Caesar Cipher ---
Enter your message: HELLO
Enter the shift value (1-25): 3
Choose an operation:
1. Encrypt the message
2. Decrypt the message
Please enter your choice: 1
Encrypted message: KHOOR

B.Vigenere Cipher

Choose an algorithm to use:
2. Vigenère Cipher
Enter your message: ATTACKATDAWN
Enter your keyword (alphabetic only): LEMON
Choose an operation:
1. Encrypt the message
2. Decrypt the message
Please enter your choice: 1
Encrypted message: LXFOPVEFRNHR

Conclusion
This cryptography tool serves as a simple introduction to basic encryption techniques, suitable for educational purposes or as a starting point for more complex cryptographic implementations. Users are encouraged to explore the algorithms further and consider additional features such as error handling and support for more encryption methods.


